down in the lowlands and the swamps
beside the rivers lives the 12 wide bird
of paradise he comes to his display post
in the early dawn this is the bird I
used to think had been drawn so
inaccurately but the older illustration
was right the worse the quills are
indeed bent back in the tangle the
female doesn't happen
but do bentback quills appeal to female
they're hardly beautiful
courtship seems to be some kind of game
a variation of I'm the king of the
castle bats only with the very special
prize
he deliberately brushed her face with
his really
he's done it again it seems that she
prefers to be seduced not by visual
skills but by captain one and after the
quill flick the beak poke
it may be an odd technique but it works
you